[Applause]
what's up everyone this every night
eight six one zero and today we have an
opening for you guys we have a yu-gi-oh
5ds volume four manga I believe this
just came out today I got it from Amazon
of course I always get the books on
Amazon it's better to if you can because
more likely you'll get the card actually
I bough you know I should throw Amazon
that through some of their third-party
sellers so yeah that's a good way to
make sure you actually get the card
because at bookstores I know sometimes
they can a snag the card out of them so
yeah let's go ahead and open this using
scissors this time it's a little easier
to open these with that don't really
like using a a knife or letter opener on
a book alright I actually have forgotten
what the promo card is for this so I
can't wait to see it's gonna be a
surprise I guess for me cuz I forgot
completely alright let's see
and the promo card is oh yeah it's a
Blackwing okay yeah I have then then the
next one is the new starters dragon okay
and don't worry I'm being extremely
careful when I'm using scissors to get
this card out well the reason I use it's
a little easier to control that yeah we
have our new Blackwing synchro card
black weighing gram the shining star
it's actually really awesome synchro
card I hope this will help out
Blackmun's a lot it's always cool if
they get new some support and I don't
know I I'm thinking about building black
we should have a black wings tell me
what you guys think in the comments you
want to say that profile use of black
boots and I think I already have
everything I need so we might be able to
do that so you have tell me what you
guys say about this card - I think it's
awesome I might use it if I do build
black wings otherwise it's awesome
looking art I know I'll say all the time
but seriously our works awesome and
great synchro love saying they're
synchro cards I can't wait for the next
volume though cuz that way we get I
started out as radiant dragon that's
what I'm really looking forward to as
well also don't just get these mangas
for the cards the story is actually
pretty good I'm enjoying all the you get
along this they always have a pretty
good story and it's different from the
anime so yeah though that's the whole
opening I hope you guys have enjoyed
thanks for watching and yeah remember I
try to get these probably through like
Amazon or something though cuz it's a
better way of making sure you get the
card know or always check the card
before you buy the book if you'd like to
get it from a book store son like bar
- no bowls or books-a-million or
something as always though thank you for
watching and I will catch you guys later
see you
[Music]